---
layout: note.njk
tags: [post, notes]
title: December is here!
date: 2020-12-04
---

## Hello old friend, the weeknotes.
I'm very much aware that I have not shared anything since May 2020. I've been inspired lately largely thanks to reading other colleagues' weeknotes. I'll be adopting the structure that the others have been using in their weeknotes by using bulletpoints.

* I'm amazed at Matt Hinchliffe's [weeknotes](https://notes.matthinchliffe.dev). It really does remind me of how the Internet was in the nineties. Where's the Geocities Web Ring links Matt?! Or was that another site that did them? 🤔

* I absolute love the sarcasm and the writing style of [Lee Moody](https://leemoody.co.uk/). I really like how it starts with "Reader," then sets the tone as a conversation. It feels like it's breaking out of the perspective and talking to the audience directly.

* I'm quite happy that Rowan Manning is doing [weeknotes](https://rowanmanning.com/weeknotes/) as well, and that I look forward to reading them every week on my RSS reader. I have read somewhere there's a RSS feed in the works by Rowan which I'm sure will be absolutely brilliant, and enable me to bin Feedly.

* This is truly the sci-fi season, we have the Mandalorian season 2, Star Trek Discovery season 3 and in 2 weeks, The Expanse's 5th season! It's all so amazing! I want to binge-watch them all but I find the weekly drip-drip to be more exciting than binge watching in one whole weekend now.

* I built a new gaming PC a few weeks ago, and the computer case that I chose, is actually a fire hazard. Greeeaaaat. I'm going to have to take precautions now, and if it catches fire, I guess I can turn off the heating since it'll be free heating right?

* I find that video games is a good escape from what things are like these days, with the current pandemic, or with the lockdown mess that the Government keeps doing.

* I now know of four work people that have bought a Nintendo Switch. I'm really looking forward to playing MarioKart with them online soon. I always pick Luigi, as he suits my playstyle in the game but it also does help that he does [this](https://media.giphy.com/media/8ffFG6Bq2f7tS/giphy.gif). 😂

* The new World of Warcraft 'Shadowlands' expansion got released a few weeks ago, and that came with its' own problems during the launch. Reading Twitter, Reddit and other sources showed the frustration of people trying to log into the servers to start consuming the content.

* I was surprised that I had quite a lot of empathy for the game devs/network staff having to fix the problems as they came up with the WoW expansion launch. I wonder if it's because it did draw some parallels to work when releasing new things. I think if I was responsible for such an important launch, I'd turn off all social media so I wouldn't see rage memes like 'smol indie company'.

* Putting aside with the launch issues of Shadowlands, the content so far is quite interesting and I can safely say Revendreth is my favourite zone to run around in, it gives major vibes of Dracula, vampirism and so on. I'm not really a person that buys into all of the lore surrounding vampirism, but I liked how Blizzard have approached this in Revendreth.

* I'm also pleasantly surprised that by picking an Unholy Death Knight to go though the content is now considered to be [FOTM](https://simulationcraft.org/reports/PR_Raid.html) (Flavour of the Month). This comes with some advantages but also some disadvantages as the FOTM rerollers jump on the bandwagon and then Blizzard will be looking to lessen the impact that Unholy DKs can bring to bring it back in line with the other classes. Boo.

I hope to try and keep up with the weeknotes for December, and it might not really revolve around work that much as I'm off work from 11th December. Until then 👋