---
layout: note.njk
tags: [post, notes]
title: Hello intermittent notes, my old friend
date: 2024-01-12
---

A new year, a new James? Or is it more like 'Different year, same James'? 🤣

* I got shamed at work by [Rowan](https://rowanmanning.com/) for not posting any notes for a long time after I mentioned that one of his [weeknotes](https://rowanmanning.com/weeknotes/166/) had me in giggles. What a character Rowan's grandmother is! So here you go, I've littered your RSS feed reader with something that's nowhere near as useful then 😏
* I have had an incredibly busy festive period with my family, and I am actually looking forward to January as that's when people are more antisocial right? Which would let me stay at home and potter around to my own devices right?
* I'm massively looking forward to going to Spa Valley Heritage Railway tomorrow with Kit. Experiencing a preserved Steam locomotive with its noise, smells and how it goes over the rails with old carriages behind to ride in, is a wonderful experience and _everyone_ should do it at least once every year!
* I'll try and write an intermittent note every Friday…

## Under the hood improvements
I did make some improvements to the website, which isn't very visible to anyone who isn't a web developer or a software engineer stalking me on GitHub. So here goes what I've done to the site since my last intermittent note:

* Fixed the broken RSS feed file
* Add CSS compilation on build & deploy (No more committing compiled CSS files!)
* Added `data-attributes` to the pages on the site (I'll write more on this later) for the future plans.

## Future plans
* Do something better with the homepage than duplicating what [Notes](https://jamesloveridge.dev/notes/) is.
* Fix the order of the posts in the years on Notes so that it's in reverse order of when it was published.
* Add more categories of other things (yet to be announced).
* Write a 'About' page and put it in.
* Use data-attributes for each page to do specific styling
* Add in my old long form articles under 'Writing' and use specific styling for it (old university things).

Until then 👋
