---
layout: note.njk
tags: [post, notes]
title: A single character change
date: 2024-01-26
---

* Thankfully this week has not been -5°C and has been relatively warm. However this is January, it is meant to be freezing all month, it worries me what the temperatures will be like in the future.

* Went to Harry Potter Studio Tour with Kit on Sunday, the last time I had been there was in 2012. It was a lot smaller then, and Kit arranged for subtitles to be shown for the start of the tour as it's all on the screens without subtitles. It was pretty nice and we got a lot of people looking at us because we had a Warner Brothers employee escorting us around with an iPad 🤣. We went in at 5:30PM, and much to our surprise, we came out at 9PM. That's a good chunk of hours gone from looking at things with Harry Potter. I liked the train (surprise surprise) on display. I did look it up later in the week to see if it was indeed [Olton Hall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GWR_4900_Class_5972_Olton_Hall) that was on static display, and not some mocked up fake train. It was the real thing! Sadly, the boiler license has expired so it is due for an overhaul, however is on lease to Warner Bros from the company that owns it.

* All steam trains have a boiler license which lets them run around on the main line or on heritage railways. It is only for 10 years then they have to undergo an overhaul to be able to get another license then. The most recent developed steam locomotive [A1 - 60163 - Tornado](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LNER_Peppercorn_Class_A1_60163_Tornado) had an overhaul recently and is now out and about. Hopefully I'll get to see that one in real life soon enough.

* It's absolutely fascinating how a single character change at work from a system further upstream from Lantern or Pink Lantern can break things. It turned out that a change from `article` to `Article` brought all of this chaos downstream, and as I love seeing things break because then people can learn and fix them to prevent it from happening in the future. What we as a team has learned is that we should write more defensive code in the future and not assume everything will be `lowercase`, `uppercase`, or `capitalize` in whatever form it may be. Utterly fascinating 😅

* A colleague shared in the Engineering channel this [wonderful post](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/bytebytego_systemdesign-coding-interviewtips-activity-7156542626446344192-nmBJ). It's about which programming languages is indeed the most greenest for the planet. I could believe [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/), but C and C++ surely not? I do wonder where they are basing their data from. JavaScript is 17th out of 27 languages. Rust is on the horizon for me to learn a little bit. Maybe something to do soon. Hmm.

Until then 👋
